Brother, why don't you play stone gambling?
Start playing some curios
The water is deep here
Deeper water
The young master can also see through it at a glance
There are all the oldest of these antiques.
In the Tang Dynasty
Wouldn't I make a lot of money by buying it?
This this this oops
Catch me
He's a cheerful man.
Brother, I'll buy it now.
This is too sloppy, I like it
You have to know that these treasures are priceless
I see you can still laugh
Brother, why do you still want to buy this?
Hey nephew
Let's make a bet
Bet on antiques
Whoever buys with a high value wins
If you win
I will never see you again
If you lose, all the antiques you buy go to me
How about a deal?
So let's start buying 10 antiques each.
Buy it and meet in the lobby at the intersection ahead.
Find an appraiser for appraisal